Add OC.HealthChecks.Abstractions, and health Checks options to show details (#13590)
OrchardCMS/OrchardCore: src/docs/reference/modules/HealthChecks/README.md

Reviewer: BTW shouldn't the module's display name, and thus the title here as well, be "Health Check**s**"?

## Extending health checks

More information about health checks in ASP.NET Core can be found here: <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/host-and-deploy/health-checks>

## Health Checks Configuration

> The following configuration values are used by default and can be customized:

Reviewer: Since `ShowDetails` is not `true` by default:

```suggestion
The following configurations are available and can be customized:
```

```json
    "OrchardCore_HealthChecks": {
      "Url": "/health/live",
      "ShowDetails": true
    },
```

The supported extensions described as following:

| Extension | Description |
| --- | --- |

> | `Url` | The health checks endpoint |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Url` | The relative URL of the health checks endpoint |
```
